= RELEASE HISTORY

== 1.2.0 / 2012-01-31

Version 1.2.0 is complete rewrite of Executable. Actually it was decided that
the old design was too simplistic in it design concept, so another library
that we had been working on, called Executioner and briefly CLI::Base, was
ported over and with some API changes is now the new Executable project.
The idea of the project is generally the same, but Executable now offeres
more features, such a good help output, a more robust design and namespace-base
subcomamnds. Of course to accomidate all this the API had to change some over
the previous version, so be sure to read the API documention.

Changes:

* Deprecate old implementation.
* Port Executioner project over to become new Executable project.
* Supports namespace-base subcommmands.
* Supports formatted help output in plain text and markdown.
* Supports manpage lookup and display.


== 1.1.0 / 2011-04-21

This release simplifies Exectuable, removing the #option_missing method
and using the standard #method_missing callback instead. Along with this
the special error class, +NoOptionError+, has been removed. This release
also fixes an issue with inconsistant arguments being passed to the callback.
Finally it renames the #execute_command method to simple #execute!.

Changes:

* Name Changes

  * Renamed `#execute_command` method to `#execute!`.

* Deprecations

  * Rely on #method_missing callback instead of special #option_missing method.
  * The +NoOptionError+ exceotion class is no longer needed because of above.

* Bug Fixes

  * The #method_missing callback takes the value of the option being set.


== 1.0.0 / 2011-04-15

This is the initialize release of Executable (as a stand alone project).
Executable is a mixin that can turn any class into an commandline interface.

* 1 Major Enhancement

  * Birthday!

